1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*
'hello'
-87.8
-
/
+
6

Answer :- values:  -87.8 ,6  , ' hello'
          expression: * , - , / , +


2. What is the difference between string and variable?

Answer :-  string is value representing text with this quoest " " for instance, "hello world" this is string and variable is a name that can show to any value
variable , my_var= 77 or "hello world"

3. Describe three different data types.

Answer :- nt: includes all whole numbers (example 1, 456, 8643)
Char: includes all characters (Eg. Letter, Number, Space, Symbol)
String: comprises of a set of characters (Eg. "Hello World")

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Answer :-  expression has combination of values, varibles, operators,function calls that can be evaluated to produce a result
values : as number or string eg. 5 is a value , x is a variable
operators :- arithmatic operators,comparison operators,logical operators 
function calls :- you provide arguments to function for example len('hello world') len() is function with arguments


5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?

Answer :- Expression is a combination  of values, variable, operators, and function calls that can preduce result
statement is a line of code that performs an action for example assignment statement,condition statement,loop statement 


6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

as a result the variable contain 23 



7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
spam + spamspam
spam* 3

ANSWER - spam + spamspam as a result 'spamspamspam'
 spam * as a result 'spamspamspam'


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

eggs is a valid variable because it followes python rules its char values
100 is not valid variable and it violated python rules because its numerical in natures 

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?

ANSWER : -
int()   int(67.5)  return 67
float()  flaot(30) return 30.0
str()  str(884) return "884"



10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
&#39;I have eaten &#39; + 99 + &#39; burritos.&#39;


ANSWER : -
 thie expression cause an error because string can not be concatenate  with numbers we ca fixed it just place number "99" with string as a result it
'I have eaten 99 burritos.'

